It's getting worse.
Not yet.
Isn't this a loach husband?
Why is he waiting for him?
I'll take you to make a phone call
Yiqiu, why is your husband getting an injection in the oncology department?
What? He had shots in oncology
How could he go to the oncology department for an injection?
Is he there?
Hey Yiqiu
Are you all right?
Tell me which hospital he is in.
Doctor
Where do you intend to go?
Ah!
You and I are going to really get cancer
What cancer?
That was his excuse.
I told my grandfather to call me
He said he saw him getting an injection in class 6 in November
He already didn't want to divorce me because of the children
I have to go see him
You also know that you are divorced
It has nothing to do with you what he has
You can't do this.
I can't think he doesn't care.
He hasn't eaten well in the past two days
I have to do something.
So that he can have the strength to fight
you
Hey, this chemo is so uncomfortable
I don't know the spirit.
I want to go out to eat.